Integration with Consul HTTP API (#1)
ba-st/Stargate-Consul: docs/ServiceDiscovery.md

# Consul Service Discovery

> One of the operational plugins. When enabled interacts with the [Consul Agent HTTP API](https://www.consul.io/api/index.html) to register the running service when the API starts and to deregister it when the API shut down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the operational plugins. When enabled interacts with the [Consul Agent HTTP API](https://www.consul.io/api/index.html) to register the running service when the API starts and to deregister it when the API shuts down.
```

This plugin is disabled by default and allows configuring the services to register. This configuration is made via the `#operations` config.

For example:

```smalltalk
Dictionary new
  at: #operations put: (
    Dictionary new
      at: 'consul-service-discovery'
      put: {
        #enabled -> true.
        #consulAgentLocation -> 'http://localhost:8500' asUrl.
        #definitions -> (Array with: self serviceDefinition)
        } asDictionary;
      yourself
    );
  yourself
```

To create service definitions you can use `ConsulServiceDefinitionBuilder` instances to build the service definitions. Two type of checks are implemented and can be attached to a service definition by sending `addCheck:` to the builder:
- `ConsulAgentDockerBasedCheck` models a health check using the docker infrastructure and can be used when the services are run in docker containers.
- `ConsulAgentHTTPBasedCheck` models a health check performing an HTTP request and can be combined with the `HealthCheckPlugin` in Stargate.

For more details review the [official Consul documentation on Services](https://www.consul.io/api/agent/service.html) and [Checks](https://www.consul.io/api/agent/check.html).

> This plugin don't add any new resources to the `/operations` endpoint available in [Stargate](https://github.com/ba-st/Stargate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin does not add any new resources to the `/operations` endpoint available in [Stargate](https://github.com/ba-st/Stargate).
```
